feat: instructions for sharing proofs (#16)
argumentcomputer/user-manual: src/08-repl.md

```

The same check happens on the verifier side (of course!), which would be able to reject a proof generated with a maliciously edited REPL on the prover side.

## Sharing proofs

The proof files created with the `prove` meta command showcase Lurk's proving capabilities, but they may contain information that we don't want to disclose.

```
user> !(def password "some password")
password
user> !(def hash (hide (bignum (commit password)) "private data"))
hash
user> !(prove (begin (open hash) t))
[5 iterations] => t
Proof key: "50426c0c272d181e8e2248f7de943b92093fd2386d5a1ecb68956a3250bb7d"
user> !(inspect "50426c0c272d181e8e2248f7de943b92093fd2386d5a1ecb68956a3250bb7d")
Expr: (begin (open hash) t)
Env: <Env ((hash . (comm #0x754a1c7a2f8d791e2896930cfb15fbce2ba61b92f4069f396d86e5addd28fb)) (password . "some password"))>
Result: t
```

See above that the binding for `password` is visible in the claim's environment.
Thus, such proof files are not meant to be shared.

**The safe way to share proofs** is using the protocol API mentioned above, which creates proof files *designed* to be shared.

> This is so because protocol proofs carry just enough information for the verifier to reconstruct the entire claim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because protocol proofs carry just enough information for the verifier to reconstruct the entire claim, and do not include unnecessary (and potentially private) information from the environment.
```

Reviewer: Or, if you think the second sentence is repetitive/unnecessary:
```suggestion
This is because protocol proofs carry just enough information for the verifier to reconstruct the entire claim.
```
